the strongest home team in the league
currently best foreign team receives may
you are quite a handsome
expect that today applies to the
partie red bull salzburg against the wac
For both teams would be three points
of course the perfect contribution to
current catch-up program in the league
Salzburg is chasing the know-how
table guide austria the wrc stalks
approaching rapid
The bulls have their two
last games thanks to their top
scorers won all five goals
against storm and mattersburg have radio
manet and jonathan soriano scored there
you never but still yellow red
locked is the more real at least to
Start of the game with his wife in the
hospital the birth of the third child
The two stars are missing today
at least in the beginning white kastner jirka
knows who the salzburger hopes
rest
then who should judge it for the bulls?
best of the brazilian alan the
23-year-old had dropped in Salzburg
including my injury story
This year he starts his cruciate ligament for the first time
second time
the first dangerous torszene included
the salzburgers are staging a tale of jubilation
four minutes flank of svento but the
hit does not count
because referee Schüttengruber
decides foul from sekagya to brutsche
cad at the interior defense
injured china continues for roger
smith last at his
Substitutes played very well and
then brought stability in japan
loses nielsen ballern de paula lidl
in a good shot position shot
is blocked and jacobo tries over
left good flank and it is 1 0 for
the rising goal by david de paula
beautiful hit for perfect
flank of jacobo de paula cheating
in the center of internal defense
the span of the youth of the
Dätergruppe Bau comes makes you one
wonderful hits prepared by
another Spaniard the Wolfberger
soriano, as it were, has jacobo for him
last four goals made five games
Here he shows himself as a great
prepared
the salzburger are considering theirs
athletic answer not long kampl
marches as so often today
dynamically about the outside and alan after
nenad jovanovic misjudges with the
one to one what a stand of all
does exactly what the otherwise absent
soriano makes it wider
chest
it is his second goal of the season during
the salzburger a superiority
jonathan soriano will work on the work
third time father daughter
april is sneezing faster then
church good pass for alan and
hut burner puts hand to the
South American eleven-meter and red card it
is not the evening of boris
hut burner
Quick decision right
decision
just over half an hour
played and all considered for two
one
the sugar makes his second hit
Salzburg looks very confident but the
bac is also not elected in abundance
wants to make first bullen easy and
which is not quite bad at all
fist defense
This is followed by a ball for the wolfsberger
lidl has good balance again
salzburger defense at one
head duel looking it up
Roland Busch is pleased about his
Premiering hits in the Bundesliga
again a nice gate to the 2 2 and in
In the meantime, Jonathan swaps
soriano nursery against substitute bench
break in a good
Bundesliga game 22
At the beginning of the jana comes jana
nielsen and salzburg put pressure immediately
two years wonderfully played by
hierländer the act of jonathan soriano
is always better 3 to 2 1 50th
minute
jonathan soriano and the ease
of life as a five simple dad
minutes after his replacement
yes saisontor number 23
a great hit
here again
and then this action on the opposite side
reverse and safe in the penalty duel
There is no eleven meter here and there
the risks gruber my opinion
right
an hour's play in Salzburg
camberger the banks one of many
nice and fast moves more
he made it through the perfect
Defense and all increased to 4 to show
every gate of the insurer with the
make a third shot on goal
now the numerical
salzburger's superiority slowly
really noticeable the cd has in half
two a really good chances
as that will follow dream edge of
michael liendl and both on but the
Heads unfortunately very simple
very different red bull salzburg
we play in very strong 45
minute chance to chance and as well as
also with another interesting gate
after this corner of schmettow it
is 5 to 2 and almost still
impressive
the salzburgers just can not
relaxed
in the final phase
kevin kampl again dynamically crowned
his great achievement with this
sugar pass 6 to 2 by florian or
three minutes before the end
what a day third child third goal
no smile in 45 minutes
At least once Korean makes for
Salzburg gate in a game and with it
also pressure on the scorer list
philipp hosiner
red bull salzburg outclasses the wants
acs it in greven an incredible day
for me i only actually have
expects to become a father what I still there
get the chance to play and that
I then and on top of it three more
make gates
I will not be that day for a long time
forgot and noticed him immediately
that he was extremely liberated extremely loose
was and really had the right mood then
to play and so that's why it is
a story of this football
So football has written
I have to be ready and have one today
get chance and thank God
courageous game and won that that it
right was not so proud of long
my team like you
have presented with a man less
try to do 22
at the 3 2 chance and elevenmeters something
already had 433 and am at 4 2 one
very good chance of dario soon
So that can only be a mesh of the very
very many very big character only has
still under the shower and then immediately
to the hospital I just want now
still my wives see my daughter
leave us alone with international
We still want to become champions
I know if mathematically still that
We will try out yet
to become master
but it will be hard
a great play today
salzburger team with the scorer
Alan and Soriano takes care of the third
Wolfsburg defeat in a row